readme.md, before:

# critical-mass-berlin-ics-service

**Serve an [.ics file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICalendar) for Critical Mass Berlin events via HTTP**, so that people can subscribe with their calendar. Uses [`next-critical-mass-berlin-dates`](https://github.com/derhuerst/next-critical-mass-berlin-dates).

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service)
[![build status](https://api.travis-ci.org/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service.svg)
![minimum Node.js version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/berlin-postal-code-areas.svg)
[![chat with me on Gitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat%20with%20me-on%20gitter-512e92.svg)](https://gitter.im/derhuerst)
[![support me on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/support%20me-on%20patreon-fa7664.svg)](https://patreon.com/derhuerst)


## Installation

```shell
git clone https://github.com/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service.git
cd critical-mass-berlin-ics-service
npm install --production
```


## Usage

```shell
npm start
```


## Contributing

If you have a question or need support using `critical-mass-berlin-ics-service`, please double-check your code and setup first. If you think you have found a bug or want to propose a feature, refer to [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service/issues).

Commit message:

luxon@3; Node 16+ 💥; readme: update badges 📝; 2.0.0

readme.md, after:

# critical-mass-berlin-ics-service

**Serve an [.ics file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICalendar) for Critical Mass Berlin events via HTTP**, so that people can subscribe with their calendar. Uses [`next-critical-mass-berlin-dates`](https://github.com/derhuerst/next-critical-mass-berlin-dates).

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service.svg)
[![support me via GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/badge/support%20me-donate-fa7664.svg)](https://github.com/sponsors/derhuerst)
[![chat with me on Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat%20with%20me-on%20Twitter-1da1f2.svg)](https://twitter.com/derhuerst)


## Installation

```shell
git clone https://github.com/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service.git
cd critical-mass-berlin-ics-service
npm install --production
```


## Usage

```shell
npm start
```


## Contributing

If you have a question or need support using `critical-mass-berlin-ics-service`, please double-check your code and setup first. If you think you have found a bug or want to propose a feature, refer to [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/critical-mass-berlin-ics-service/issues).
